Table of Contents

As one of the largest enterprise VPN service providers in the Asia Pacific region, we have experienced and expect continual growth in this market to meet
customers’ growing demand for enterprise-grade VPN services with secure, dedicated connections. Key growth drivers include adding new customers, increasing the
number of connections with existing customers and realizing revenue synergies with our other business groups.

Our Cost Structure

Our ability to maintain and improve our gross margins depends on our ability to effectively manage our cost of revenues, which consist of telecommunications costs
and other data center related costs. Telecommunications costs consist of (i) expenses associated with acquiring bandwidth and related resources from carriers for our data
centers, and (ii) rentals, utilities and other costs in connection with the cabinets we lease from our partnered data centers. Other data center related costs include utilities
and rental expenses for our self-built data centers, employee payroll, depreciation and amortization of our property and equipment, and other related costs. The changes in
these costs usually reflect the changes in the number of cabinets under management and our headcount.

The mix of self-built data centers and partnered data centers also affects our cost structure. The gross margin for cabinets located in our partnered data centers is
generally lower than that of cabinets located in our self-built data centers. This is because telecommunication carriers who lease cabinet spaces to us for our partnered
data centers typically demand a profit on top of their costs in connection with the leasing of cabinet spaces to us. We plan to continue to lease data centers from such
carriers or purchase data center facilities to meet the immediate market demand while building new or expanding our existing self-built data centers in Beijing, Shanghai,
Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Yangtze Delta, and the Greater Bay Area. If we cannot effectively manage the market demand and increase the number of cabinets located in self-
built data centers relative to partnered data centers, we may not be able to improve our gross margins.

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business

The COVID-19 pandemic has not interrupted or affected the operation of our existing data centers or ability to provide our data center services to our customers.
We had temporary suspensions of our sales and marketing activities, construction activities and business travel to ensure the safety and health of our employees in January
and February of 2020. Since March 2020, these activities began returning to normal levels, and by the end of the second quarter of 2020 had largely returned to normal
levels. After the initial outbreak of COVID-19, from time to time, especially since late 2021 and throughout 2022, there were resurgences of COVID-19 in many areas of
China, particularly due to the Delta and Omicron variants. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we had to implement remote working arrangements and suspend our offline
customer acquisition activities and business travels, which temporarily impacted our operations. We have experienced slower cash collection for administrative reasons as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic, unrelated to our customers’ ability to pay, which has resulted in an increase in our accounts receivable. See “Item 5. Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—B. Liquidity and Capital Resources—Cash Flows and Working Capital—Operating Activities.” In late 2022, China modified its zero-COVID
policy, and most of the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements were lifted in December 2022. There remains uncertainty as to the future impact of the virus,
especially in light of this change in policy. See “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors —Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—The COVID-19 pandemic could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.” While the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially or adversely affected our
business, results of operations or financial condition, whether the pandemic will have any such material or adverse impact on us going forward will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of this document, we are not aware of any material or adverse effect on our financial
condition as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Key Components of Results of Operations
Net Revenues
The following table sets forth our net revenues for the years presented:
For the Years Ended December 31,
2020 2021 2022
RMB RMB RMB US$
(in thousands)
Net revenues 4,829,019 6,189,801 7,065,232 1,024,362
